this is where the pal came in the war in
Gaza has devastated Iman abu's family we
lost over 90 members of my family 83
died in a single Israeli bombing half a
world away in Michigan Abu Ida blames
President Joe Biden for his support of
the war on Tuesday he and thousands of
others who usually support Democrats
plan to vote uncommitted in Michigan's
Democratic presidential primary I I feel
I betrayed that I voted for Biden
2020 you know we voted for somebody to
bring us democracy and Humanity on the
table well we see you know a government
that aligns with a genocidal government
to kill my
people innocent people thousands of
them hundreds of traditional Democrats
gathered at a rally in the majority Arab
American city of Dearborn they're
demanding a ceasefire in Gaza and
pledging to vote uncommitted Dearborn
mayor Abdullah hammud says it's not just
an Arab American issue this is not about
being OT or being Muslim and having an
attachment uh to the people in fan or
being related by blood this is about
people coming together and seeing right
vers wrong they're joined LED really by
Rashida Talib the only Palestinian
American in the US Congress if the
campaign helps Trump she says Blame
Biden President Biden is risking another
Trump term over hisort for the most
right-wing government most extremist
government in the in the history of
Israel there are 300,000 Arab Americans
in Michigan twice Biden's 2020 margin of
Victory when you've got that big of a
population um that might or might
not uh support the president in re his
re-election efforts boy that could
really swing the outcome in the Michigan
primary anger has turned to action but
the real test comes in November when
those supporting the uncommitted
campaign will have to decide whether to
support President Biden or risk electing
Donald Trump for many like Iman Abu the
answer is simple how do you feel about
Joe
Biden I don't think I'm I want to hear
his name again does America have blood
on its hands yes with Po's predicting
easy primary victories for Trump and
Biden on Tuesday the war in Gaza
threatens to ca Democrats at least one
state they've been counting on to keep
Biden in office in November John hendin
Al jazer Dearborn
michig make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer